[IA] Move php automatic page to zero-code (#4716)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/php/exporters.md

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

> If you use [zero-code instrumentation](/docs/zero-code/php/) you can setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [zero-code instrumentation](/docs/zero-code/php/) you can set up
```
